also fan TV Claude you caught it before
the game you thought that we were
looking good before that we could get
the victory that loads a little tussles
and battles with a tyranny from under
percent Chelsea this week looking at his
good performance why awesome good
performance isn't it's a great win but I
thought you said that 40 there was a lot
of sloppy play as well lot of bad
touches by both teams both teams I don't
think we're at their best that I think
but before you say it was a good
performance I think one individual
brilliance from Chamberlain won the game
and that was it battle I thought I
thought to be quite honest with you I
thought it was two sides are very poor
today to be quite honest with you but
the big trees crying is Rita Moreno for
a change I mean Gus this is the trouble
with knockout we know let's look it over
the top yeah because this is what this
is the whole thing now we're going to go
over the top chambers but I hold on
nobody's really gone over the top
nobody's really nobody's really gone
over there so we may win a bit but we
haven't beaten Chelsea since since when
they beat a six nil we have not beaten
them since they've dominated us it's
greatly limits we have to be honest they
have dominated us every single time
they've played us
they've even dominated us or they've
just locked down the game and we've not
even added to get there today and - you
know I've transferred Steven have won
the game by more yes there was a bit of
slope we're giving the ball away I mean
but I mean in a day let's probably down
a preseason they look they look I think
these long trips take a lot out of these
players but we can't let's not go over
Blissett brilliant win fantastic when
I'm glad that all of gunas can celebrate
tonight about what we must keep my head
it's level-headed because there are more
important things that next week is when
it will really start you know the real
yet the game restarts well it will will
its preseason which
I spoke to rape I'll a couple of weeks
ago he told me how important as a
footballer preseason is it's been a very
good pre-season especially when you
compare it to last year we players like
Azul coming in did after the world
coming are you very encouraged but we
cannot see Mario I'm very encouraged
where we've got a net we've actually got
a goalkeeper a presence and a show today
I mean Ana brilliant save on being the
fantastic side I mean that say be pulled
on the free kick was fantastic you know
I mean it could have if it was any other
goal key would have been probably level
level pegging with me but what I'm
saying is we've got a keeper you know
let's keep level heavy now I said it
before the game at this game it's lovely
to win it's a good good to win fact it's
no significance on the Premier League
it's no significance at all on the
Premier League not even full like if we
would have lost this game today
every Chelsea family been like years
same old us and they can't beat us you
don't take what I'm saying is the most
important thing in that is next week
getting getting you right for next week
with them and getting the free point I
mean we go next week and we only get a
draw against West and all this means
nothing doesn't it
but the most important thing is to the
pliers have got fit that's what the most
important thing the decide we were at to
say without Spain right obviously very
very early like you said you are right
very very early to pass judgment but do
you see a team out there that could win
the league this season over capable yeah
they're both top sides but today they
were both to me not up to the level that
they can prove whose latest was his
preseason they've been on a long tour a
week time off a long tour but there was
a lot of time for the ball I mean I'm
not the only one that's seen it there so
those a misplaced party
I mean am I the only one that sees it
everyone I mean can I just say thank
right I pay a lot of money for free
season tickets every single year right
our boys went out and smashed it to day
paycheck smashed it to pieces he won us
the game and another thing and all all
this negative talking let's go beyond
our paintball oh the friends get behind
that place let's go win something no one
no no no no no no one wants it as much
as I do but listen I only put it things
into perspective I just want people to
keep their level-headed because there
are far bigger test ahead Chelsea fan of
love me look at university fees these
days yeah they're like tens and
thousands of pounds and I educate them
for free Chelsea fans lovely listen it
was a very good performance by Arsenal
what did you make of it loved it you
know we were a very good